ECE-218 Project 3 02/19/2024
Papa and Max

  The Windshield-wiper system, as simulated with an Arm Cortex-M microcontroller, was implemented with various subsystems that represented specific parts of a car. The system will not operate unless the 'engine'--represented by a blue LED--is turned on. The car engine can be turned on if the ignition button (blue button on development board) is pressed while the driver seat occupancy sensor (external push button) is activated. Once the engine is turned on, the user will be able to toggle (using two potentiometers) between various settings that the windshield wiper can be assigned to. The first potentiometer allows the user to choose whether the wiper will be set to OFF, LOW speed, HIGH speed, or INT mode. LOW and HIGH speed activate the wiper (represented by a servo motor) in a repetetive motion with no delay time inbetween each cycle. The OFF mode will not move the wiper unless they were previously moving, in which case they would return to the initial position. Finally, the INT mode, or intermittent mode, sets the wiper to a setting where a delay will occur between each cycle (one up and don motion). The second potentiometer, or the intermittent settings selector, is what changes the delay time for this intermittent mode. The settings can be changed to SHORT, MEDIUM, or LONG (3, 6, and 8 seconds respectively), to increase the delay at which the wiper repeats its cycle. Any time a wiper setting is changed with either of the potentiometers, the current setting will be displayed on an LCD screen for optimal user interface control.
